English translation (#71)
personium/new-docs: src/server-operator/Confirm_environment_settings.md

    io.personium.core.dav.childresource.maxnum=1000000
    ```

#### Unit Master Token

* The value described in "io.personium.core.masterToken" of "personium-unit-config.properties" is the Unit master token. The unit master token initial settings can also be confirmed by executing the following command on the server that executed Ansible.

    ```console
    # echo `grep "master_token" ~/ansible/static_inventory/hosts | sed -e "s/master_token=//" | uniq`
    ```

> The Unit master token can also be confirmed by referring to "io.personium.core.masterToken" of "personium-unit-config.properties" described in the above Personium environment.

**Refer to [Unit security (settings that should be changed from default)](unit_security.md) for how to disable the Unit master token.**

#### Personium Unit Management Account

> * Running Ansible will automatically create a Personium Unit administration account. This information is required for the Personium Unit administrator to perform administrative work such as creating cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Running Ansible will automatically create a Personium Unit Management account. This information is required for the Personium Unit Manager to perform administrative work such as creating cells.
```

    Confirm ID/PASS of Unit management account

    * To get the information, log in to the server where Ansible was executed and execute the following command.

    ```console
    $ sudo su-
    # cat /root/ansible/unitadmin_account
    unitadmin_account={unitadmin_account}
    unitadmin_password={unitadmin_password}
    Personium_FQDN={Personium_FQDN}
    ```

    * {Personium_FQDN} FQDN of Personium Unit
    * {unitadmin_account} Unit admin account
    * {unitadmin_password} Unit management password

> **(Caution)**

> > **The information acquired here is the initial value, so if the user changes it, please manage it yourself.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **The information acquired here is the initial value, so if the Unit Manager changes it, please manage it properly.**
```
